transfer contradiction
disintegration
Form and surface
Is it really a conspiracy?
wonderful
The underground can order Daqian Fan after his death
To divide the land in the seal
Distributed to all the sons who lost
Rather than being inherited by the eldest son
Certainly.
As the eldest son, I still have to respect it
The eldest son can inherit the title of vassal
And the other temples took a beating.
When the other temples grow up
And from their once fragrant land
Separate their son
This is called a bubble
After three generations of rectification
Under constant division
More powerful flipping ratio
It will also be divided into countless small face stickers.
Nafan.com
There is no way to pose a danger to the court
Come later
Tianxia Fen Wangzi Temple poisoning
And the power of the number cannot be matched by the small body
This plan is to arouse the greed of the number
Set them against the eldest son and the king of Fan
Divide and dissolve contradictions
Then the headache is the king and the enemy eldest son
The more positions, the more headache this tree has
Possible solution
Humph
Unless eight kings have fewer children and only one eugenic child
But if you die young, you die young.
That would be extinction.
So there is no way to break through the cocoon.
I would like to call it the number one conspiracy in the world
Tomorrow, we will gather all officials to practice the art of pushing kindness
A straight-A student who disdains the blade
Pi Xia is beyond reach
There are downsides.
The bad news is that if Your Majesty pushes the manpower now
Even if Daqian is in danger of death
And Your Majesty has a life